I have 28 agents running 24/7 round the
clock and today we're going to do a deep
dive into Muddy OS. I'm going to show
you how I wired things together and I'm
going to give you your own prompts to
build your very own multi- aent setup
within OpenClaw. So without squir.
All right. So as you can see here on the
screen, here's my org chart. Me up top,
right? I'm the CEO. I'm the vision, the
strategy, the final decisions. I have
Muddy which is my primary open claw
agent. He handles research. He
delegates. He's my executive assistant.
I created this system in a way to where
his chat is always available to me
unless I say do it now. If his chat is
cued and I didn't tell him to do it now,
he failed. Right? So, he also has these
three community agents that report
directly to him. Currently, one of three
are active as we're still sorting out
those other two. But as you can see
here, I have a seuite team. I have a CTO
named Elon. Shout out Elon Musk. I have
a CMO named Gary. Shout out Gary
Vaynerchuk. And then I have a CRO named
Warren. Shout out Warren Buffett. Now on
top of that, I incorporated this standup
feature where now they have a weekly and
monthly calendar view. But as you can
see here, every morning they run their
own executive sync. They have their own
shared workspace meeting memory files,
so they're never repetitive. They know
what was done the day before, the week
before. They reference that, right, to
see the progress that we've made on our
weekly syncs. And then I have this
monthly calendar just to kind of keep
tabs on everything to make sure
everything's actually operational. As
you can see here, Saturdays, they're
off. I don't have them working
Saturdays. Saturday is my infra day
where I upgrade the backend. I do any
major overhauls to the system. It
generally requires me to take the system
offline for infra Saturdays. So, I
decided to just give them the day off.
But, as you can see here, it's been
smooth sailing since Sunday the 15th.
And uh I got to say, I'm very happy with
it. So, here's my current org chart. All
right. Here's all of my agents in place.
I have Muddy, my COO, my main
orchestrator. He has his own workspace
with his own heartbeat. The same with
Elon, my CTO. He has his own workspace
with his own heartbeat. Same with Gary,
our CMO. His own workspace with his own
heartbeat. Don't just copy paste this. I
built each agent out to fit a task. When
I first started this, there were like
one or two sub aents. And then I started
building out more agents and more sub
agents as my system grew, as I realized
what I wanted to build. Right now,
moving along. This is something you can
screenshot and feed to your OpenClaw
agent. But the prompts I'm about to show
you below, it'll set all this up for
you. But I did want to give you, you
know, an example of you do need to set
an ID per multi- aent. You do need to
set a primary model for that agent as
well. Inter agent communication. These
are very, very key. So screenshot this.
And when you're following along with the
prompts later on, you have to feed this
to your OpenClaw agent. So to enable
agentto agent messaging, you have to
make sure sessions send is set as a
tool. Session key is the ID. This is
what happens when I send a frontend or
backend related issue to Muddy. Muddy
then delegates it to Elon, right? And it
says, "Hey Elon, blog deployment on CSS
is broken. Can you have Pixel look into
it?" Right? Because everything's
predefined based off of the number of
agents and sub agents that I've created.
Now, delegated task. This is something I
personally wanted. Not everybody uses
it, but I want to make sure that, you
know, Muddy fires, right? Fires and
forgets about the task himself, right?
He gets the report back and pings me
once it's done, but it's not his
responsibility to execute unless I say,
"Do it now." Th those are the three
words that if I say it at the very end
of a prompt, Muddy will bypass all agent
infrastructure and do it himself, which
sometimes is necessary. Right now,
seuite chat. So, screenshot this, feed
it to your agent. All right. So, what
you came here for the prompts. Here's
what I would recommend. Screenshot this,
feed it to your agent, discuss the type
of setup that you would like. Right? So
prompt number one, create a new openclaw
agent with name with ro called name.
[clears throat] Now prompt number one,
create a new openclaw agent called name
with ro. Give it a sole MD with
personality traits traits. Give it an
identity defining its responsibilities.
Set up agents MD with a startup
sequence. Read soul identity memory.
Create an empty an empty [clears throat]
create an empty memory MD. The agent
should report to chief and specialize in
specialty. Right?
And as I mentioned above, you want to
set up sessions send so that s agent A
can message agent B. Right? And then you
test with a simple delegation. Have A
ask B to task and report back
now. This is the true unlock with
automations and multi- aent teams. This
is where you start getting things
rolling. Right? So you want to set up
heartbeats and crrons. Crawns are
scheduled tasks. I highly recommend for
each cron you have a skill. There should
be a custom workflow that you create
that you define in a skill that's yours
and yours alone. You have no need to
share this to anybody, right? Create a
cron job that runs an agent every, you
know, so and so frequency to do this
task. You always want to reference the
skill that you create here. Now, prop
number four, autonomous meetings. Set up
a daily executive sync at time. The
meeting should read, "Last two to three
transcripts, run three rounds of debate,
generate a transcript, create a voice
audio, and ping telegram with summary."
This is exactly how mine works. Now,
going back to our org chart here, you
have to first take the time to build
your organization, right? Following
these four prompts are not going to
yield you these results.
You know what you're looking for better
than anybody else. So, don't just copy
me outright. Don't be don't be a bum.
Don't be lazy, okay? Build out your own
system for you. Build out your own team
for you. Then use these prompts for you,
for your workflows, for the specific
agents that you have, for the specific
intercommunication that you want. And
yeah, listen, if you want to follow
along and watch me build a brand new
OpenClaw instance from scratch, well,
starting this week on Wednesdays, the
first week of March, I'm doing a
completely free boot camp every
Wednesday on our YouTube live streams.
No payw wall, no gate, nothing. Free.
So, in about eight weeks, it's going to
be complete. I'm aiming to have seven or
eight episodes in this miniseries. And
what's beautiful about this is you can
follow along and watch me build Muddy OS
from scratch. It's going to look a
little different, but we're going to
rebuild all of the functionality. We're
going to rebuild the ops. We're going to
rebuild the brain. We're going to
rebuild the laboratory. We're going to
rebuild it all
live. So, subscribe if you aren't
already. Hit like, comment below, let me
know that you're interested in that
content. And uh yeah, I look forward to
seeing you at those live streams. So, I
hope you found some value in today's
video. I'm not an AI expert. I'm
building in public and sharing what
actually works. If you'd like to see me
make a particular video around a
specific topic, drop a comment below.
Let me know who you are, what you do,
who your target audience is, and what
your question is, and I will add a video
to my queue customtailored just for you.
Thank you so much for tuning in today's
video. My name is Marcelo. This is Clear
Mud, and clarity matters.